change the current readme to the template (#34651)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/Integrations/QRadar_v3/README.md

| qradar-update-reference-set-value | qradar-reference-set-value-upsert |  | 
| qradar-delete-reference-set-value |  qradar-reference-set-value-delete | | 
| qradar-get-domains | qradar-domains-list |  | 
| qradar-get-domain-by-id| qradar-domains-list | Specify the *domain_id* argument in the command. |  | 

</details>

# Known Limitations
## Mapping Limitation for Cortex XSOAR Versions below 6.0.0
The *Pull from instance* option to create a new mapper is not supported in Cortex XSOAR versions below 6.0.0. 

## Creating a Classifier Using the *Pull from instance* Parameter
QRadar fetches incidents using a long-running execution, not in real time. Therefore, *Pull from instance* pulls incidents from the QRadar service to create a classifier using samples, not real time data. This results in seeing the latest sample stored, and not the latest offense that was fetched.  

# Set up the integrated system

> # Permissions

Author: no we are working now to change the template.

| Component | Permission |
| --- | --- |
| Assets | Vulnerability Management *or* Assets |
| Domains | Admin |
| Offenses (Manage Closing Reason) | Manage Offense Closing Reasons |
| Offenses (Assign Offenses to Users) | Assign Offenses to Users |
| Offenses (Read) | Offenses |
| References (Create/Update) | Admin |
| References (Read) | View Reference Data |

> # Configure Integration on Cortex XSOAR

Author: same here

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-ips-source-get</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-ips-source-get

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

***

> Get Source IPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get Source IPs.
```

>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 0 | 654 | 2023-07-26T14:31:44.753000+00:00 | 31 | 2023-07-26T15:31:06.386000+00:00 | 64 | 0 | Net-10-172-192.Net_192_168_0_0 | 14 | 1.1.1.1 |

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-ips-local-destination-get</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-ips-local-destination-get

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>### Local Destination IPs
>**No entries.**

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-search-retrieve-events</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-search-retrieve-events

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>Search ID: 9c2c18a8-5e06-4edb-bc26-53ad44421148

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-remote-network-cidr-create</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-remote-network-cidr-create

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-remote-network-cidr-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-remote-network-cidr-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.RemoteNetworkCIDR.name | String | The associated CIDR name as it appears in QRadar. | 
| QRadar.RemoteNetworkCIDR.description | String | The associated CIDR description as it appears in QRadar. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-remote-network-cidr-delete</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-remote-network-cidr-delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-remote-network-cidr-update</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-remote-network-cidr-update

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.RemoteNetworkCIDR.group | String | The group to which the remote network belongs. | 
| QRadar.RemoteNetworkCIDR.description | String | The description of the remote network. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-remote-network-deploy-execution</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-remote-network-deploy-execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| QRadar.deploy.status | String | The deployment status \(INITIALIZING, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETE\). | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-extensions-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-extensions-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSourceExtension.ID | Number | The ID of the extension. | 
| QRadar.LogSourceExtension.UUID | String | The UUID string of the log source extension. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-delete</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.WinCollectDestination.IsInternal | Boolean | Set to "true" if the destination corresponds to a QRadar event collector process from this deployment; otherwise, it is set to false if it is any other host. | 
| QRadar.WinCollectDestination.EventRateThrottle | Number | The events-per-second rate that is used to throttle the event flow to this destination. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-create</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-create

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSource.Status | unknown | Status of the log source. | 
| QRadar.LogSource.TargetEventCollectorID | Number | The ID of the event collector where the log source sends its data. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-languages-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-languages-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSourceLanguage.ID | Number | The ID of the language. This ID does not change across deployments. | 
| QRadar.LogSourceLanguage.Name | String | The display name of the language. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-protocol-types-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-protocol-types-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSourceProtocolType.TestingCapabilities.testable | Boolean | Indicates whether the protocol type is testable. | 
| QRadar.LogSourceProtocolType.Version | String | The version of the protocol type component. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-disconnected-log-collectors-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-disconnected-log-collectors-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.DisconnectedLogCollector.UUID | String | The UUID of the disconnected log collector. | 
| QRadar.DisconnectedLogCollector.Version | String | The version of the disconnected log collector. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-update</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-update

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{ display: 'inline' }}>qradar-log-source-types-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-types-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSourceTypesList.uuid | String | A UUID string of the log source type. | 
| QRadar.LogSourceTypesList.version | String | The log source type plugin version. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qradar-log-source-groups-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qradar-log-source-groups-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.LogSourceGroup.Owner | String | The name of the user who owns the group. | 
| QRadar.LogSourceGroup.ParentID | Number | The ID of the group's parent group. The root node group has a null parent_ID. | 

</details>

<details><summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>qardar-event-collectors-list</h3></summary> 

> ### qardar-event-collectors-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| QRadar.EventCollector.ComponentName | String | The name of the component backing this event collector process. Also contained in the "name" field. | 
| QRadar.EventCollector.ID | Number | The unique ID of the event collector. | 

</details>

# Troubleshooting
<details> <summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}>Instance Configuration</h3></summary> 

> To enable the execution of commands using QRadar on CLOUD, it is essential to add the XSOAR IPs to the QRadar whitelist. You can locate the XSOAR IP by referring to this [link](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Administrator-Guide/Enable-Access-to-Cortex-XSOAR) under the **"Used for communication between Cortex XSOAR and customer resources"** section, depending on your tenant region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the execution of commands using QRadar on CLOUD, it is essential to add the XSOAR IPs to the QRadar whitelist. You can locate the Cortex XSOAR IP by referring to this [link](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Administrator-Guide/Enable-Access-to-Cortex-XSOAR) under the **"Used for communication between Cortex XSOAR and customer resources"** section, depending on your tenant region.
```

In order to change the default values, configure the following **Advanced Parameters** in the instance configuration:
```
EVENTS_SEARCH_TRIES=<amount of tries for events search> (default 3),EVENTS_SEARCH_RETRY_SECONDS=<amount of seconds to wait between tries> (default 100),EVENTS_POLLING_TRIES=<number of times to poll for one search> (default 10),
```
It is recommended to enable [mirroring](#mirroring-events), as it should fetch previously missed events when the offense is updated.
Alternatively, the [retrieve events command](#qradar-search-retrieve-events) can be used to retrieve the `events` immediately.
If the command takes too long to finish executing, try setting the `interval_in_seconds` to a lower value (down to a minimum of 10 seconds).
</details>

<details> <summary><h3 style={{display: 'inline'}}> General </h3> </summary> 

If you encounter a 403 Forbidden error while attempting to execute API calls, start by verifying your QRadar permissions and ensuring that you have the appropriate access based on [those permissions](#Permissions).

> If the issue persists, access your QRadar instance with the same user you are using on XSOAR and navigate to the Interactive API for Developers page (instructions [here](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/qradar-on-cloud?topic=api-accessing-interactive-documentation-page)). Try running the request from there, using the relevant endpoint with the intended arguments. If you still receive a 403 error, please contact your QRadar support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the issue persists, access your QRadar instance with the same user you are using in Cortex XSOAR and navigate to the Interactive API for Developers page (instructions [here](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/qradar-on-cloud?topic=api-accessing-interactive-documentation-page)). Try running the request from there, using the relevant endpoint with the intended arguments. If you still receive a 403 error, contact your QRadar support.
```
